Add minutes for 2021-09-07 (#70)
srobo/kit-team-minutes: 2021/2021-09-07.md

# Kit Team Meeting 2021-09-07

## Attendees

### Present

- Dan Trickey
- Karina Kwiatek
- Tyler Ward
- Jake Howard
- Tom Wheal
- Will Barber
- Andy Barrett-Sprot

## Agenda

1. Structure of Kit Team and priorities for the next year
2. Recovery of missing kit from SR2017, 2019 and 2020.
3. Asset Audit
4. Feasibility of shipping physical kit for SR2022
5. Kit Software progress and plan (ex-Brain Team work)
6. Documentation (i.e deprecation of Kitbook)
7. Regular meeting slot going forward
8. Blog Posts for website

## Topics

- Recovery of missing kit from SR2017, 2019 and 2020.
    - 4 / 6 kits from schools that returned are in Tom's Garage
    - Been unable to reach 14 schools - staff retiring
    - 18 kits are being kept by school. Safe to assume that they're good or can send spares
    - 8 kits in Tom's garage
    - Morse suggested sending signed letters to headmaster
    - Ask teams holding on to kits to audit them?
    - No hard number today

- Feasibility of shipping
    - We could drop vision. It would not be a huge amount of work

>     - We've been able to give an alternative instead. Without vision how would they navigate?

Reviewer: Is the tense here correct? From context it feels like this maybe should say "We'd need to be able to give an alternative"?
Alternatively, if this is correct, what alternative is it referring to?

    - No vision = more exciting lighting
    - Alternative = lots of ultrasound sensors
    - Off the shelf robots = money down the drain
        - Unless can resell or recoup money
        - Use as prizes?
    - No courier will accept existing batteries as they have not certification.
    - Should we be taking the risk of sending out uncertified batteries?
    - LiPos are possibly not storage charged, although not many teams have touched their kit?

>     - CTC are open to suggestions re: what we ship

Reviewer: Suggest avoiding internal acronyms in notes
```suggestion
    - Competition Team are open to suggestions re: what we ship
```

    - Most stuff is marked with an unknown state
    - All of the old kit is in there (v3)
        - We probably can't sell this now
        - Internals of boards are heavily bespoke
        - We probably won't ship these as kits again
        - Could maybe be broken down for parts

- Inventory software
    - Needs improving or replacing
    - Not necessarily our decision

- Runbook
    - Documentation should be in the same place. No fragmentation
    - Wiki used to work well
        - Easy to edit and update
        - Frictionless editing - no review process
        - More likely to be up to date
        - Using Mediawiki, you can link to previous revisions
            - Can be painful to look through
    - Historical docs should be archived
        - Useful in git history
        - Mostly useless - structure has changed
        - Reference for previous years is useful
        - maybe link at bottom of current page
    - Git is hard to use, especially for non-technical people

- Blog posts
    - Embedded Software in Rust

- Unplanned: Recruitment
    - Regional Competitions are a great place to recruit people

- Meeting Time

>     - We agreed to meet at 7pm every other Tuesday for now.

Reviewer: As a general concern -- deciding a meeting time while at a meeting happening at that time is prone to bias since people who can't make that slot won't be present to tell you that. Suggest as a general principle that we (all volunteer teams) ensure that the decision mechanism accounts for the views of those not present.
